hello dear friends in this
video tutorial you will learn how to change easily
readable text scale and make
reading as comfortable as possible for the eyes I
every day I read something on the internet
and in order to read as much as possible
comfortable i zoom read
me text using quick combinations
keys let me show you how I do it
For example, I am on a site that
sell video course amazing
Internet possibilities I study it and want
read reviews of people who are already
bought this course but
they are written in small text in order
not to peer I click
control + key combination while i'm
hold down the control key and keep right
hand thumb and forefinger
click the plus button that's pressed once
clicked a second time
3 4 5 and as you can see the text increases in
a window that allows me to read more
comfort
if for example I greatly increased the text
then I can only reduce it
the key combination in this case will be
control minus I hold down the counter key and
press minus or hold it right away
For example, I reduce the site very much for
order to immediately view the structure
site and go back to that field which
I'm interested in
to return the site to its original
mind that is to his 100 percent i
I press the key combination kontrol 0
I clicked pressed kontra I press 0 and the site
becomes like he was originally
Now I will show you a picture with these.
key combinations press pause
memorize them and use now
talk about this course
amazing internet capabilities of it
recorded the company club pro they are mine
partners
143 video lessons very high quality
video course for relatively low
cost if you are interested and want
learn more then go to this
website and watch this video here
which valera owl tells about
amazing
Internet capabilities link to this
resource and lay out under this video on your
blog as well as in the description on the channel
youtube only you get on this
page and web page
for partners where you can already order
special discount course
this page is available only vip
client and VIP partner therefore
follow the link below
thank you for your attention with you
Evgeny Belyaev